Carl: My wife gave me a backhanded
compliment the other day,
“Wow! Your clothes match today!”
You know, I put it on Facebook saying,
“My wife gave me a backhanded compliment.
My clothes match” and then a friend of mine,
“It happened by accident” she’s like,
“If you put 12 monkeys in space
and ask them to type, eventually they
will write all of Shakespeare’s work.”
[music plays]
Brian: I'm currently married with two daughters.
My wife is sighted and hearing,
she is a great salsa partner.
Renee: My wife had to interpret for me.
She's hearing and what you would call sighted
and we have four young kids.
[music plays]
Grace: How did your parents raise you?
Like, how did you learn how to speak
if your parents are deaf?
Because that’s a question you always get.
Scott: It was a struggle for my family
to figure out adaptations for me.
Anne: I do use a cane when I'm traveling.
You know, I have
a few of them around the house.
And my kids have always thought
that they were their toys.
They used to have like lightsaber
fights with them or, you know,
use them as guns.
Elizabeth: There are very few DeafBlind people
that have kids, but they can have kids.
I can have children.
[music plays]
Elizabeth: My name is Elizabeth Sullivan.
Brian: I'm Brian Switzer.
Anne: My name is Ann Cantrill.
Everyone calls me Anne.
Carl: My name is Carl Richardson.
Renee: I am Renee Pellerin.
And here's my name sign.
Francis: My name is Dr. Francis Cassel.
Carl: The state might say,
“you're not competent to be a parent
because you're deaf.”
Elizabeth: I can’t, that word,
I can't!
You know...
it's just inappropriate.
Anne: I have been told I can't do something
and I proved them wrong.
[music ends]